hi I'm Diane cometa and today audition
with dye I'm going to show you how to
make meatloaf this is a really classic
dish and it's very simple to make so
let's get started on dish and woods I
you need some ground beef that's been
sitting at room temperature for about an
hour and this is an 80 20 percent fat
ratio I also have a finely minced sweet
onion some wishes your sauce some
prepared mustard some garlic powder
ground pepper and salt this is some
bread slices that I've cut into small
cubes some ketchup some barbecue sauce
milk at room temperature an egg and some
additional ketchup so the first thing
that we're going to do is take the room
temperature milk and pour that right
over these bread cubes and we're just
gonna let this sit for a few minutes so
that the bread can kind of absorb that
I'm just gonna toss that around a little
bit and now I'm gonna mix together some
of the seasonings so I have this little
bit of ketchup here and I'm gonna take
the onion and put that in along with the
wishes sheer sauce I can never pronounce
this the same two times Wish Oshiro wish
a shire Wurster sauce and then this is
the prepared mustard and then the salt
pepper and garlic powder and then you're
just gonna whisk this together with a
fork just to get it all combined because
I don't want to just kind of dump it in
there and have one area where there's a
whole bunch of garlic powder and another
area where there's not and then take
that egg and then you just want to whisk
that together and then over here to our
bowl with our meat and I'm just going to
take the ketchup with the onion mixture
and I'm going to pour that right on in
and then in with our breadcrumb mixture
and then throw in your egg and then
you're gonna get your hands in there and
kind of toss this around so just lightly
until everything gets really thoroughly
combined you have a baking sheet here
that I've lined with some parchment
paper and I just put the parchment paper
on there so that this doesn't stick to
just get the meatloaf out onto the
parchment and then shape that into a
nice loaf you see I didn't pack it too
tight and now I have that little bit of
ketchup and barbecue sauce so we're just
going to mix these together now when I
was a kid my mom always used ketchup but
I like to kind of jazz it up a little
bit with a little bit of the barbecue
sauce and then just pour this right over
the top and just kind of spread it out
nice and evenly and it's as simple as
that
that's it it's ready to go into my oven
350 degrees for about an hour to an hour
and 15 minutes or until it reaches an
internal temperature of about 160
degrees and then you want to take it out
and let it rest for about 10 minutes
before you slice into it if you try to
slice into it when it's very hot it
might crumble a little bit so you just
want to let it sit on the baking sheet
for about 10 minutes and then I'll show
you what it looks like there it is it
cooked for about an hour it's nice and
crisp on the outside with that nice
moist top and its moist and tender on
the inside
and it's great with mashed potatoes the
recipe is on my website dish and with
DICOM don't forget like subscribe and
share I hope I made your life a little
easier more enjoyable and delicious up
the
time bye-bye now
you